Days now.
Why are they still selling crayfish on the 9th floor?
That's impossible.
I have sent people to keep an eye on the prime minister during this time
Chili merchants and pepper merchants
Didn't deliver to him
Lin Yin this brat
Shouldn't there be a new way?
Madam, you can investigate again.
It's the truth.
Leave the phone bill
Again, yeah.
Is something bad going on?
What? He nailed it?
Pepper traders and prickly ash traders through other channels
No no
I just went to their restaurant
Tasted their crayfish
It's not spicy at all.
What is that 1314?
Oh no, fifteen spices are coming.
Yummy really delicious
More ecstatic than spicy ones
There are also new flavors launched.
When did this happen?
Damn one more news
Our restaurant near Yizhou
They have a crayfish restaurant
Also launched crayfish free
20% off the rest of the consumption
So many things happened behind the scenes
You've always been a brat, you're really a thief
Don't panic
On this one-third acre of land in Illinois
Even if he is a dragon crossing the river
You have to give me an honest plate
He wants to fight a price war
I will fight with him